spec: abci++ cleanup for v0.37 (#9288)
tendermint/tendermint: spec/abci++/abci++_client_server.md

server in that language. Tendermint supports four implementations of the ABCI server:

- in Tendermint's repository:
    - In-process
    - ABCI-socket
    - GRPC
- [tendermint-rs](https://github.com/informalsystems/tendermint-rs)
- [tower-abci](https://github.com/penumbra-zone/tower-abci)

The implementations in Tendermint's repository can be tested using `abci-cli` by setting
the `--abci` flag appropriately.

See examples, in various stages of maintenance, in
[Go](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/tree/master/abci/server),
[JavaScript](https://github.com/tendermint/js-abci),
[C++](https://github.com/mdyring/cpp-tmsp), and
[Java](https://github.com/jTendermint/jabci).

### In Process

The simplest implementation uses function calls in Golang.
This means ABCI applications written in Golang can be linked with Tendermint Core and run as a single binary.

### GRPC

If you are not using Golang,
but [GRPC](https://grpc.io/) is available in your language, this is the easiest approach,
though it will have significant performance overhead.

Please check GRPC's documentation to know to set up the Application as an
ABCI GRPC server.

### Socket

> Tendermint Socket Protocol is an asynchronous, raw socket server which provides ordered message passing over unix or tcp. Messages are serialized using  Protobuf3 and length-prefixed with an [unsigned
>  varint](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/encoding?csw=1#varints)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tendermint Socket Protocol is an asynchronous, raw socket server protocol which provides ordered
message passing over Unix or TCP sockets. Messages are serialized using Protobuf3 and length-prefixed
with an [unsigned varint](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/encoding?csw=1#varints)
```

 If GRPC is not available in your language, or you require higher performance, or
 otherwise enjoy programming, you may implement your own ABCI server using the
 Tendermint Socket Protocol. The first step is still to auto-generate the
 relevant data types and codec in your language using `protoc`. In addition to
 being proto3 encoded, messages coming over the socket are length-prefixed to
 facilitate use as a streaming protocol. proto3 doesn't have an official
 length-prefix standard, so we use our own. The first byte in the prefix
 represents the length of the Big Endian encoded length. The remaining bytes in
 the prefix are the Big Endian encoded length.

 For example, if the proto3 encoded ABCI message is 0xDEADBEEF (4 bytes), the
 length-prefixed message is 0x0104DEADBEEF. If the proto3 encoded ABCI message is
 65535 bytes long, the length-prefixed message would be like 0x02FFFF....

 The benefit of using this `varint` encoding over the old version (where integers
 were encoded as `<len of len><big endian len>` is that it is the common way to

>  encode integers in Protobuf. It is also generally shorter.

Author: @thanethomson I copied the lines 73 - 89 from the changes done in #9182 . Can you please verify that this paragraph in the section is correct?

Reviewer: I've suggested some rewording here. The way you copied it is correct, but thinking about what it's saying now, it could definitely be clearer :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: Sounds good! Thanks for taking hte time to rewrite it. Pending the Markdown link fix, the PR is ready to be merged into main.

>  If GRPC is not available in your language, or you require higher performance, or
>  otherwise enjoy programming, you may implement your own ABCI server using the
>  Tendermint Socket Protocol. The first step is still to auto-generate the
>  relevant data types and codec in your language using `protoc`. In addition to
>  being proto3 encoded, messages coming over the socket are length-prefixed to
>  facilitate use as a streaming protocol. proto3 doesn't have an official
>  length-prefix standard, so we use our own. The first byte in the prefix
>  represents the length of the Big Endian encoded length. The remaining bytes in
>  the prefix are the Big Endian encoded length.
> 
>  For example, if the proto3 encoded ABCI message is 0xDEADBEEF (4 bytes), the
>  length-prefixed message is 0x0104DEADBEEF. If the proto3 encoded ABCI message is
>  65535 bytes long, the length-prefixed message would be like 0x02FFFF....
> 
>  The benefit of using this `varint` encoding over the old version (where integers
>  were encoded as `<len of len><big endian len>` is that it is the common way to
>  encode integers in Protobuf. It is also generally shorter.
> 
> Note that this length-prefixing scheme does not apply for GRPC.
> 
> Note that your ABCI server must be able to support multiple connections, as Tendermint uses four connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If gRPC is not available in your language, or you require higher performance, or
otherwise enjoy programming, you may implement your own ABCI server using the
Tendermint Socket Protocol. The first step is still to auto-generate the
relevant data types and codec in your language using `protoc`, and then you need to
ensure you handle the unsigned `varint`-based message length encoding scheme
when reading and writing messages to the socket.

Note that our length prefixing scheme does not apply to gRPC.

Also note that your ABCI server must be able to handle multiple connections,
as Tendermint uses four connections.
```

> For more details on protobuf, see the [documentation](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/overview).

Reviewer 2: Please take a look at the changes made in #9182 to this file and try to include them here (so we don't lose those changes when we delete the current `spec/abci` directory.
You can show the changes I am referring to like this:
```sh
git show ae1fc74f8 -- spec/abci/client-server.md
```

Author: Done!
